hey guys what is up go glove here and
today I actually I need I need you guys
his help with something so today I woke
up I looked on Twitter and there was
something about hashtag gears Reaper and
I was like what that what is this what
does this mean this has got to have
something to do with gears of war so I
clicked on it and it kind of sent me to
a link at the epic gamescom community
page about the epic reaper the gears
Reapers so what this is during South by
Southwest the Epic Games PR manager West
Phillips revealed that there is going to
be an epic Reaper character in gears war
judgement basically each week one member
from the gears world community will be
chosen to be the epic Reaper and then it
so it's going to cycle each week in game
you're going to be able to be it's gonna
be basically a different skin you're
going to have a custom gears of war
judgement skin called the epic Reaper
and it has special ability special
abilities and physics which make it
actually harder to kill and basically
people in game if you do kill it you're
rewarded with AV / metal and a custom
weapon skin so basically you're going to
be seeking these players out you each
week you're gonna see this player and
you're gonna you're gonna hunt for him
you're gonna hunt this motherfucker down
you're gonna kill him gonna get your
meddling you're gonna get your custom
skin which is awesome that kind of
brings a whole like oh my god there's
the Reaper we gotta kill him right um
and the employees the epic employees
actually have the Reaper skin available
as well so that's really cool so this is
my proposition for you guys one if you
guys could vote for me to be the very
first Gears of War Reaper I are gears
Reaper I would be ecstatic I would be so
so happy people are already of
nominating me on Twitter so this is what
you guys have to do look down below in
the descriptions can be the top link
it's gonna be a click to tweet link all
you have to do is have a Twitter account
if you don't come on man you gotta get
when you gotta get with the times you
can follow me on Twitter all the other
youtubers it's a good time we always
have a good time on Twitter but anyway
click on the link down below in the
description the very top once I click to
click to tweet it's going to basically
give you the tweet already complete
finished it's gonna say I would like to
nominate or I would like to make
goldglovetv the very first gears Reaper
hashtag gears Reaper make sure you use
the hashtag if you want to make your own
custom one just say you know I nominate
google TV too at Google TV to be the
very first hashtag gears reaper if and
just not even if I win but just because
you guys are helping me about and stuff
I'm gonna be giving away two copies of
gears of war judgment to the people who
make those tweets so if you guys want to
tweet you're going to automatically be
entered in to win a copy of gears war
judgment be giving two copies away two
winners and that means all you have to
do is make that tweet you don't have to
you don't have to say anything to me you
don't have to do anything else just make
that tweet i'm gonna choose two people
from all everyone who votes everyone who
uses that click to tweet and you're
gonna be entered in to win two copies of
usual judgment so I i don't know i think
would just be very very awesome to be
the first official epic creeper gears
reaper so if you guys could do that i
would greatly appreciate it I love you
guys I'm so excited for gears of war
judgment if you guys are excited for
videos be sure to be sure to hit that
subscribe button be sure to the like
button all the likes the comments all
that stuff make me very very happy you
guys are the best I love you guys I love
your butts I've been Goldblum you guys
with the masa Brewers I'll catch you
guys later by the way facebook and
twitter down below
you